‎Do you enjoy serving Jehovah
‎along with his united,
spiritually clean people?
‎No doubt you do.
‎What you’re experiencing
is a modern-day miracle,
‎one foretold by the prophet Ezekiel.
‎That prophecy is stated
in the title of chapter 9,
‎“I Will Give Them a Unified Heart.”
‎It’s found at Ezekiel 11:19:
‎“And I will give them a unified heart,
‎“and I will put a new spirit in them;
‎“and I will remove the heart of stone
from their bodies
‎and give them a heart of flesh.”
‎This chapter of the Pure Worship book
‎will help you to answer these questions:
‎What was Babylonian captivity
like for the Jews,
‎and why did Jehovah
eventually liberate his people?
‎How was the Christian congregation corrupted,
‎and what happened that was similar
to the Babylonian captivity of the Jews?
‎What promises of restoration
did Jehovah make through Ezekiel,
‎and how have they been fulfilled
‎on true Christians during the last days?
‎How can we show that we appreciate
‎the way that Jehovah
has restored pure worship in our time?
‎It’s our hope that this material
‎will strengthen your faith in God’s promises,
‎increase your appreciation
for the truths you’ve learned,
‎and deepen your desire
to invite others to join us
‎in giving Jehovah pure worship.